docs: adds contribution guidelines (#119)
testcontainers/testcontainers-rs-modules-community: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Install the [cargo-hack](https://github.com/taiki-e/cargo-hack) subcommand (recommended)
- Fork this repository

### Working with existing modules

- When extending/changing existing API, ensure that any new ones are tracked on [rustdocs](https://docs.rs/testcontainers-modules/latest/testcontainers_modules/)
- When fixing an issue, consider providing a new test case for it

### Adding new modules or changing existing ones

Before adding a new module, it's recommended reviewing the
[testcontainers-rs library](https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-rs)
along with existing modules that are built on top of it! In addition, pay attention to our project conventions : public APIs 
are exposed through `mod.rs` files and conditionally compiled as Cargo features. 

- Ensure you have a proper feature configuration on `Cargo.toml` when adding a new module
- Ensure you have declared pinned versions of Docker image tags for your module
- Consider providing a `Default` trait implementation for your `TestContainer` struct when applicable
- Consider also using the `Builder` pattern when your `TestContainer` accepts several different env vars!

> - Ensure you have added proper `rustdocs` reflecting examples on how to use your APIs

Reviewer: Let's note that it is better to add a link to the image (registry) in the documentation.
Quite often we ask exactly this change

Author: I can add that, just let me know!

Reviewer: I'd suggest:

```suggestion
- Ensure you have added proper `rustdocs` reflecting the image reference (e.g. to [docker-hub](hub.docker.com)) and examples of how to use your APIs.
```
